Modify rule S4144: Adapt to LaYC format (#1935)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4144/cfamily/rule.adoc

};
----

> This rule raises an exception when two methods implemented inside a class definition share the same implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when two methods implemented inside a class definition have the same implementation.
```
